Reich Basketball

First basketball court: Springfield College.
In early December 1891, Dr. James Naismith, a professor of physical education at McGill University in Montreal, who was also a teacher at the YMCA training school [3] and now known as Springfield College, Springfield, Mass., Has announced the creation of a powerful indoor game that will keep students fit and fit at appropriate levels in the long winters of New England.

After rejecting a number of other ideas because of their stonewallness or lack of fit with the walled gymnasiums, Naismith laid down the basic rules of basketball and installed a peach basket on a 10-foot (3.05-meter) fence. Unlike modern basketball nets, The bottom of the peach basket was blocked, so the ball had to be retrieved manually after each "goal" or after every point made. However, this has proved ineffective. The bottom of the basket, which is fixed in a long column based on a holder, has been pierced, allowing the balls to come out of it each time it enters. These peach baskets were used until 1906, A background is known as the target plates (a round or rectangular plate behind the basket that prevents the outward ball strikes and returns them, or returns them to the basket). Another change was made to allow the ball to pass through the basket, which paved the way for the game to appear in its current form. At first, football was used to score goals. When the player gets the ball in the basket, his team gets a point. The team that scored the most points was the winner. [4] Baskets were usually installed on the low pitch balcony, but this proved to be impractical when the public began to intervene in ball corrections. The target plate installed behind the basket has been used to prevent this interference, as well as having the additional effect of permitting counter-corrections. [5] Naismith's granddaughter discovered his handwritten notes in early 2006 that he was concerned about his new game, which included bases from a children's game called Duck on a Rock, because many games that were Neismith called the new game the name of the game "basketball." [6]

The first official basketball match was held in the YMCA gymnasium on January 20, 1892, with nine players. The game ended with a 1-0 win. The 25-foot (7.6-meter) (7.6-meter) win was leveled on a half-acre field where the Streetball games or matches National Basketball Association (NBA) - also known as the American Basketball Association (NBA). By 1897-1898 the record number of players in each team was five players.

The women's basketball game began in 1892 at Smith College when Cinda Berenson, a physical education teacher, modified the rules that Naismith had set for the basketball to suit the ladies. Shortly after her appointment at Smith College, Cinda went to Naismith to learn about him More about this game. She was very impressed with this new sport and the values ??she learned. She organized the first female basketball match between college students on March 21, 1893, when she played first year students at the college with second year students. Cinda's rules for the game were first published in 1899. Two years later, Cinda became the first female basketball guide to be issued by AG Spalding, which published basketball rules for women.

Early adopters were sent to the YMCA all over the United States, and quickly spread to the United States and Canada. By 1895, this game had spread well into many high school girls. That the YMCA was initially responsible for developing and publishing this game, in just a decade it has become discouraged by the roughness of the game and the fanatic public has begun to watch the game. Which it has taken upon itself. However, amateur sports clubs, colleges and professional clubs soon filled the vacuum left by this association. In the years leading up to the First World War, the Amateur Athletic Union and the Intercollegiate Athletic Association of the United States (formerly the National Association of Athletics Athletes) (National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA)) to govern the rules of this game. The first professional league, the National Basketball League, was created in 1898 to protect players from exploitation and to promote advocacy for a less rude game. The league lasted only 5 years.

By the 1950s, basketball had become one of the main games to be played inside