Swimming

Go to Mobility Go to Search
Disambig gray RTL.svg Other glosses, see swimming (Illustration)
Swimming is one of the most popular sports practiced by athletes, some of whom consider it the summit of pleasure, and sports that provide them with vigor and vitality at all times. Swimming is essentially the movement that organisms move in water without going to the bottom of a water tank or pond. Swimming dates back to the Stone Age more than 10,000 years ago. The first indoor swimming pool was opened in 1828 under the name of St. George. The competition was a recreational activity in the English country in 1830 AD. In 1837, the National Swimming Association Held regular swimming competitions in six artificial swimming pools located in the city of London. In 1880, leisure activities for swimming were the most important; there was a national governing body, an amateur swimmers' association and more than 300 regional clubs from all over the country. Two of the American participants in the London Swimming Competition in 1844 were one of the reasons for the spread of the game in the world. Captain Matthew Webb was the first man to swim in the English-French Channel in 1875 on his chest, 41 hours 45 minutes later, the European countries established swimming associations such as Germany, France and Hungary. The first European competitions were held in 1889 in the Austrian capital Vienna and the first women's swimming tournament was held in Scotland in 1892. Men are part of the first batch In 1896, the modern Olympic Games were held in Athens. The swimming pool was developed day by day. It was very necessary in the old days, especially for the soldiers. Hence, it is famous in our Islamic heritage. Umar ibn al-Khattab (may Allah be pleased with him) taught your children swimming, ). Today, swimming has another role: it is one of the recreational and sporting activities that earn the body many important benefits, besides being a global sport with its own competitions, cycles and laws. It is one of the most important Olympic sports.


Contents
The linguistic definition
2 sizes for the international swimming pool
3 Ways to swim
3.1 Chest Swimming
3.2 Backstroke
3.3 Butterfly Swimming
3.4 Free Swimming
The benefits of swimming
5 Swimming hazards
6 References
7 External links
The linguistic definition
Swimming - Swimming:

Swimming: Gymnastics. The lexicon of the Mediator swam - swim, swim:

Swim in the sea or river or other, or in it: General in it and the lexicon: Major

Member:

S homepage! (Source swam). 1. "Swimming mastered": swimming, diving in the water and swimming in it, a physical sport. 2. "Dipping in the Swimming Pool": Pool Dictionary: Rich

Member:

1 - source swore / swore b / swam in. 2 - A well-known gymnastics has its benefits and matches "long distance swimming"

• Swimming pool: large swimming pool, • Chest pool: swimming mode where the swimmer depends on lying on his face, • Swimming pool: a swimming contest, where each competitor chooses the method of swimming he wants.

• Simultaneous swimming / swimming: (sport and physical education) A sport by a swimmer or a swimmer group performing dance movements accompanied by music. Dictionary: Contemporary Arabic Language [2]

Sizes for the international swimming pool
The length of each of them is 2.5 meters, separated by ropes extending along the basin are at a height of half or three quarters of a meter above the surface of the basin water .. As for the platform of the international swimming pool 50 meters, width of 21 meters, and depth of 1.8

Ways to swim

A girl swimming in a swimming pool
Chest Resistant
In the chest swimming, the swimmer descends to the water, so that his chest touches the water, and have his shoulders on one line with the surface of the water. He has to show part of his head above the water, his mouth comes forth, and another to breathe, and he can act freely at the beginning of the race and in rotation. Swimming races on the chest are 50 meters, 100 meters and 200 meters.

Backstroke
In the swimming pool, the swimmer is driven by pushing the pool wall with his feet at the beginning, as well as during the rotation, and swings on his back throughout the race. The swimming races on the back are 100 meters, 200 meters and 50 meters.

Butterfly Butterfly
In the Butterfly Swimmer, the swimmer hits the water with both arms forward and above the water, then pushing them back together and returning the movement continuously. The butterfly swim races are: 100 meters, 200 meters and 50 meters.

Free swimming
In the free swim, the swimmer is in a relaxed manner, but in the various relay and individual races, the swimmer must swim in a different way from the methods of swimming, chest, back and butterfly

The sequence: In this type of race, teams of 4 swimmers compete, each swimming for 100 meters.

Varied Singles: In this type of race, the swimmer takes the distance to 200 meters or 400 meters. In a 200 meter race, the racer races every 50 meters in a different type, such as a butterfly, back, chest or free. In a 400 meter race, the contestant changes his style every 100 meters.

The benefits of swimming
Water represents resistance to muscles
Health and sports research shows that swimming for half an hour a day reduces blood pressure, strengthens the heart, reduces cholesterol levels and increases circulation efficiency.
One hour of swimming burns between 250 and 500 calories, depending on the strength and speed of swimming, so this is one of the best sports for weight loss.
Swimming is useful